what's going on guys asian eyes white
dragon here so I'm just want to talk
about Dark Worlds real quick and they've
kind of lost their heat essentially just
because wind-ups are so PI PO just
because of the first turn like
discounting hand and I just wanted to
like talk a little bit about this other
card dragged down to the grave and the
main reason why is because that card is
definitely like the one of the best
cards and our rules especially if you
get to go first but the problem I was
seeing what Dark Worlds is you can't
really main deck Maxie and Baylor the
problem is because if I activate drag
down to the grave obviously if you have
more drag down the graves or any spells
or other traps you know the tribe does
shoot you can set everything in the
activate dragged down into the grave and
if you happen to have a maxi graefe and
snow in your hand they're not going to
want to discard either one of these
they're gonna going to be discarding
your hand chaps like Maxie effect better
but the thing is you can be running tour
guide because Trevino tour guy gets to
another dark world and then it still
works because you know I mean if you
open with multiple tour guides and I
think you're pretty much good to go
anyways but yeah drag down to the grave
really good card but um this is why I
think dark we'll just have gotten really
less popular it's just because you can't
run the Maxine Baylor in main deck and
be really really fast because in my
opinion Dark Worlds need to be fast like
they need to run upstart goblin the need
to run drag down to the grave in threes
and you just need to destroy your points
entire like good hand and then after
you've done that you basically just
graph of them to where they have to deal
with the 27 beater every turn or you
know 3,000 essentially once you have the
field effect um you know gaining 300 so
yeah it's just something I wanted to
talk about just because i haven't seen
Dark Worlds and I kind of want to do
some like commentary on Dark Worlds but
I really haven't seen any dark pool
players and that's because wind-ups and
injectors are really popular the thing
is like in sectors yeah they can blow up
or graph a blow up your gate the thing
is you could still like get graph the
next turn and you can just like kind of
beat them down but yeah I don't think it
has that bad of a matchup against in
sectors but I think against wind ups the
problem is because wind-ups they don't
discard they just send a card from your
hand to the graveyard so you don't get
your dark holes effects so that's just
something also to remember it would be
awesome I think that
dark world would cease so much more play
if the wind-ups effects were you know
discard the card that you know you
target so yeah but yeah this is one
thing I want to note because you can't
run the maxine bailey that's the problem
and dark woods because you need to run
triple drag down to the grave in my
opinion i think any good successful dark
world player will tell you that dragged
down to the grave is seriously one of
the best cards in the deck but thanks
for watching guys and if you have
anything else to add note on that let me
know in the comments section below
because I yeah I really do want to see
some more dark bold players just because
I haven't seen any another recent a
couple weeks just because everyone's
playing wind ups as you guys know it's
like wind ups and injectors are like a
mix of bolt and that's a really popular
deck but uh thanks for watching guys
asian eyes white dragon signing out